Hi, my name is Mehdi and I'm excited to be your instructor in this course.
I join you today as a Senior Cloud Architect
and Consultant working out of the Chicago area.
I help companies large and small build,
deploy, and run their applications in the Cloud.
For the past five years,
I have focused almost exclusively on working with development and engineering teams to
architect and operate Cloud infrastructure and services using Amazon Web Services.
For many reasons, it's an exciting time to be working in Cloud.
The speed and agility provided by the Cloud allows companies to move fast,
easily change direction, and focus on products and features.
On my journey, I have seen these benefits firsthand.
Unfortunately, the reality is that there's also certain risks,
especially on the security side,
that need to be considered.
I've developed a passion for helping users of the Cloud reduce
this risk by evangelizing Cloud security best practices and principles.
I look forward to sharing my experience and knowledge with you during this course.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6